I'm a graduate student majoring in Technology and Humanities at Illinois Institute of Technology.
I am also an Architect with M. Arch degree from State University of New York at Buffalo (UB).
At UB, I had the opportunity to mainly focus on social and behavioral aspects of my field which is an
inseparable part of architecture but is usually neglected by architects. I also have a B.Sc degree in architectural engineering. you can find my B.sc portfolio by clicking on the above link.

I decided to continue my education in Technology and Humanities major after a critical question in
my mind changed from "How can a design impact peoples' life" to "How people give meaning to and define
a design". That is why in the Department of Architecture and Urban Planning at UB, I joined the inclusive design
research group. I focused all my endeavors on studying the user behavior in design. I had the opportunity to research
in topics such as “Having an optimal and dynamic environment for patients and their caregivers in healthcare centers”
or “Enhancing durability and enjoyability of the public space by using behavior observations, interviews, surveys
and archival information for data analysis”. I took as many courses as possible that provided a connection between Architecture and Humanities.

My thesis with the title of “Cultural comparisons of public space, with a focus on the streetscape of Tehran” focused on enhancing social interaction
among Iranian young adults in public spaces. I came up with an innovative crowdsourcing method in which information was collected from social media by
asking users to participate in my work which received a lot of attention in my department and among my faculty. Despite having limited access to the target
population and area under study, crowdsourcing by social media (Instagram) became the foundation of data gathering in my research. Furthermore, snowball
sampling technique was used in order to make sure all the participants are young adults between the age of 18 to 26.


I collected a few other skills through my industry experience where I gained practical skills to execute my ideas. I worked for a year as a 3D modeler in
Mehrazan Consulting Company under the supervision of Behrooz Pakdaman, one of the best known architects in Tehran. I also worked as a design developer in
Sazeh Felez Paydar and under the direct supervision of Dr. Mirghaderi, a Professor at Tehran University and the number one steel structural designer in Iran.

My ultimate goal is to get my PhD in Technology and Humanities. I want to be able to do more research about the ways people give meaning to design by using
social media. Hopefully I can get a job in a Tech company with focus on social interaction. My goal of developing this page is first to introduce myself and research interests
to the world and also make it more dynamic and interactive for gathering information from users and their experiences.
